Add important release notes to changelog (#12)
AdobeDocs/express-add-ons-docs: src/pages/references/changelog.md

  * If your code takes more than about 150-160ms to process, you may see warnings from the co-editing service in the console (`LECCoeditingService: Invalid sequenceNumber`). The cause for this is being researched and will be addressed in a future release. To reduce the number of times you see this error, reduce the length of time your script takes in a single editing frame — use `setTimeout` if necessary to batch your work.
* Common pitfalls

>   * If you split your work on a document over multiple frames using `setTimeout`, be sure to protect against reentrancy, otherwise you may end up corrupting the user's undo stack. You should disable elements on the panel UI that could allow the user to execute your code before it is complete and then re-enable those elements when the code is done. The issue will be fixed in a future release. 

Author: Reworded to be closer to your suggestion

>   * Executing `await runtime.apiProxy("script")` from your script runtime code will do nothing, and nothing will be logged on the console.

Reviewer: Maybe this?
```suggestion
  * When setting up communication between your panel UI code and your script sandbox code, calling `apiProxy()` with the wrong argument will do nothing without providing any error feedback.  If communication is not working, carefully double-check your UI code is requesting the `"script"` API proxy and your script sandbox code is requesting the `"panel"` API proxy.
```

>   * When adding shapes to a document, you should take care to ensure that the content is at least partially visible on the page. Otherwise the user may not have a way to edit it easily in the future.

Reviewer: Was this a problem in our testing this week? By default content would be positioned in the upper left corner of the page – so it seems like this would only crop up if an add-on was trying to do more custom positioning manually and had a bug.

Author: It wasn't a problem for us, but I saw it happen in one of the demos from the second hackathon. I'll have to go look it up again.

* Unexpected behavior

>   * If the user has a selection and your add-on creates new content, the selection is cleared. This will be addressed before release.

Reviewer: Perhaps add:
> APIs will also be added in the near future so you can change the selection to the new content you’ve just added.

>   * When you add text content to a document, font substitution is not working correctly. This means that if you use Japanese characters, the user may see square boxes instead. If the user were to type the content manually, however, they would see the correct rendering. This issue will be fixed before release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When you add text content to a document, font substitution is not working correctly. This means that if you use Asian-language characters, the user may see square boxes instead. If the user were to type the content manually, however, they would see the correct rendering. This issue will be fixed before release.
```

>   * Setting relative rotation on a group before adding any children is considered a "no-op" since these groups don't have a defined center point. Always modify group rotation after adding children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Setting rotation on an empty group is ignored. Always add content (children) to a group first, and then set its rotation.
```

* Debugging
  * If your script code has a syntax error, the console will log an unhelpful error message (similar to `Uncaught (in promise) at <adobe-internal.js:49>`). Your add-on panel UI will be visible and continue to be interactive, but it won't be able to communicate with the script runtime, resulting in what feels like non-responsive UI (e.g., clicking doesn't trigger the expected action). You'll want to configure your editor to highlight any syntax editors so that you can be sure your code is at least syntactically correct before you save.

>   * When you communicate to your panel from the script runtime, you may see `Empty transaction not added to pendingTransactions` in the browser log. A common use case might be to communicate progress if you're creating a lot of elements on the document. In this case, you should throttle how often you send progress updates to your panel so that you don't generate hundreds or thousands of these log messages (since this may get in the way of easily debugging any issues that might arise).

Reviewer: We can remove this bullet if the use suggested wording above about ignoring certain console messages.

Author: Done
